README.md, before:

# Beanbox

Welcome! This gem provides information on Seattle's top selling coffees on Beanbox.co via a simple and easy-to-use command-line interface.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'beanbox'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install beanbox

## Usage

Simply run the command `beanbox` in your terminal to see a list of the top four best selling coffees on Beanbox.co as well as their price. Type in a coffee's list number and press enter to see more detailed information about that specific coffee. 

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/beanbox. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Beanbox project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/beanbox/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Updated required Ruby version and README to reflect changes

README.md, after:

# Beanbox

Welcome! This gem provides information on Seattle's top selling coffees on Beanbox.co via a simple and easy-to-use command-line interface.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'beanbox'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install beanbox

This gem depends on Ruby version 2.3.3. You may need to install [rvm](https://rvm.io) if you have a different version of Ruby installed. Run `rvm install 2.3.3` and `rvm use 2.3.3`, then `bundle install` again.

## Usage

Simply run the command `beanbox` in your terminal to see a list of the top four best selling coffees on Beanbox.co as well as their price. Type in a coffee's list number and press enter to see more detailed information about that specific coffee.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/beanbox. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Beanbox project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/beanbox/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
